Gwenevere Abriel: Show me picture.
Bethany Shadid: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that being held by someone in the middle.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, so the hands are God, like, because we talked about the Trinity.
Bethany Shadid: Know the hands are God. God created the world he holds you know that's the protection up the clouds, the light coming through is what I visualized is the Holy Spirit, the wisdom part shining a light and then in the middle. That would be me and in Jesus.
Bethany Shadid: And that's that nurturing
Bethany Shadid: The one that we talked about. Yeah. So protect your, your wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh yeah, absolutely love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so when you look at it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you look at it, I can see it till you look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Recall
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of what this week has been like
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice
Bethany Shadid: It just makes me feel good looking at it.
Bethany Shadid: I was just happy that I did it because I was having a lot of like, oh I don't know, I think john and along I am. It's not gonna make sense.
Bethany Shadid: All the self doubt stuff and you know more
Bethany Shadid: Stuff came up and it was nice to focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been kind of drawing up a progressively or all in one day or just today.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I did a big bulk of it that first day and then little by little.
Bethany Shadid: Adding and and or, you know,
Bethany Shadid: I think my I did the hands first and then I was like, how am I gonna do this. So a lot of thought.
Bethany Shadid: You know, do one aspect and then try and figure out how you're going to do the next one, because you have the idea in your head.
Bethany Shadid: But how are you gonna
Bethany Shadid: Get it on to pay for. So
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I really like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm looking at what we discussed last time.
Bethany Shadid: We
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I did some em, Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes,
Bethany Shadid: That actually really helped us really been at this is really been an
Bethany Shadid: eye opener of things related to that.
Bethany Shadid: I didn't realize how distress. I was
Bethany Shadid: What I did what you know we taught you know
Bethany Shadid: Relaxed and didn't stay there.
Bethany Shadid: Thought is a little lantern flying away.
Bethany Shadid: But
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: Had to work on getting things ready to do my taxes.
Bethany Shadid: Anyway,
Bethany Shadid: And so I had to go through a mountain of paperwork.
Bethany Shadid: Yes, I believe most of it like
Bethany Shadid: Taking care of there. But what I didn't realize is
Bethany Shadid: I've
Bethany Shadid: I've moved so many times.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: With my avoidant nature.
Bethany Shadid: Avoided a lot of things for a very long time.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: It brought up so much going through the paperwork.
Bethany Shadid: Looking at things.
Bethany Shadid: realizing how far I've come.
Bethany Shadid: And how much
Bethany Shadid: How much I haven't dealt with out of sheer you know avoidance of the
Bethany Shadid: Having a deal with my parents or
Bethany Shadid: feeling bad about myself.
Bethany Shadid: I'm just wanting
Bethany Shadid: To not have to deal with something harder to
Bethany Shadid: Realize that
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: You don't get a break in LA hardest moments of your life, there's still so much
Bethany Shadid: Demand demanded view.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Anyway, I
Bethany Shadid: I had quite a few moments where I didn't realize the distress is working its way up.
Bethany Shadid: And then I would, it was kind of like, Wait, why am I feeling this way.
Bethany Shadid: So it took a while to realize that this process of going through things that I haven't seen in years and years.
Bethany Shadid: Was going to be a bit taxing
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Like finding
Bethany Shadid: My marriage certificate
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all that that means
Gwenevere Abriel: an expectation and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then not being that expectation
Bethany Shadid: Right well
Bethany Shadid: It.
Bethany Shadid: Was sister just got engaged.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm really happy for her and first year easy and it
Bethany Shadid: Triggered how happy I am for her. But how old
Bethany Shadid: How much I love how carefree she is
Bethany Shadid: an optimistic and
Bethany Shadid: How I really, you know,
Bethany Shadid: She's found somebody you know that she really can be heard her true self with and that makes me really happy for her. And then I looked at myself.
Bethany Shadid: You know, in my past marriage and things like that, realizing how much I
Bethany Shadid: I've had to heal and it helped much I still have to do in order to
Bethany Shadid: You know, have something like that I'm
Bethany Shadid: Also in it started bringing up really bad memories of
Bethany Shadid: How me being the oldest and
Bethany Shadid: All the stuff we went through my sister told me
Bethany Shadid: Not this last yeah yeah the Christmas before, but she told me that
Bethany Shadid: When we were in that abusive situation that
Bethany Shadid: She felt so bad for me because she knew that I had it really hard and when she was little she didn't understand why I was getting all this attention from this older book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Bethany Shadid: And she was jealous. She says, I remember being jealous.
Bethany Shadid: And you were in my head at the time being so mean.
Bethany Shadid: Because you wouldn't
Bethany Shadid: Let me play with him.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: She's like, and so the one
Bethany Shadid: Opportunity, where he took me
Bethany Shadid: I was like, Haha, you know, thinking to myself, you know, like I got his attention.
Bethany Shadid: And then I realized, you know what was happening to you.
Bethany Shadid: Anyway,
Bethany Shadid: I realized how much of a
Bethany Shadid: Much I
Bethany Shadid: In my life you protector.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah you did.
Yep.
Bethany Shadid: It makes me happy.
Bethany Shadid: That she's so happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: But it just brought up so
Bethany Shadid: I was feeling really bad about
Bethany Shadid: The way.
Bethany Shadid: I realized how, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Traumatic. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: That you didn't. You didn't say out loud that was all in your head just now. It didn't come out of your mouth. What's the part you felt bad about
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I felt bad because I was exhausted yesterday.
Bethany Shadid: To the point where I could stay awake when I was working stuff like it was falling asleep, what not, you know,
Bethany Shadid: And the, you know, initial reaction is, gosh, I'm not even at work right now I'm at home. Why, why, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. If that's not move from there. Okay, let's let's see if this is a as an opportunity for for a shift in in thinking for just a moment.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I say to you during that abuse history because you've told me when I've already done the work around this now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've told me so I hope I haven't, I haven't. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: local stations. I don't initiate them. I let you let you decide. Unlike that anyway but
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was the message and message received so I don't press in on it. I just stand back and I don't
Bethany Shadid: Well, I guess I should have done a lot of work around it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because here's the question you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this, why I'm interrupting you. This is why I'm interrupting. Just because just now, I've heard you basically giving yourself a hard time about being exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's the part I interrupted you on because when you were little.
Gwenevere Abriel: The survival mechanism that kept your psychological so that you're not crazy. You're not insane. You didn't go into depression and didn't kill yourself, etc. Like it kept you alive because you couldn't fight and you couldn't run
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm guessing that your way to survive was in mobilization with fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you may, I'm guessing during that traumatic event after event after event that dramatic history that you may have. And you tell me if this is correct, sort of disappeared from yourself in a sense, got away from the body dis associated from
Bethany Shadid: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it happen. Back then,
Bethany Shadid: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So. So notice what you're doing now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just the yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: There's another way to look at this with love and compassion. Okay, so what the neat thing is is that science explains this in terms of not being so hard on yourself, but more like this more like you just went in those boxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just went into all that history and felt it. And guess what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaustion, the same thing that you needed to do to survive it. The body remembers that right it needed to freeze it needed to escape itself to not be there. Not really feel the full extent of what was going on. So why don't you be grateful this body of yours knows what to do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Granted it's it isn't the mobilized one yes you and
Gwenevere Abriel: You've heard little bits of it along the way. Like, ooh, that anger is not the enemy. Let's use its energy right because it's above the zero
Gwenevere Abriel: The running and the fighting is above zero, but it's very possible that when you were going through your trauma. You went below zero, which means just regular relaxation is fine for a person who's never had.
Gwenevere Abriel: A dissociative traumatic link. But when so even when you're like relaxed. You may wonder, well why why is this not even okay because you could drop into
Gwenevere Abriel: Knowing all that and starting to come out of the body and not be present with it. So it's not black and white, like, Hey, well of course relaxation is good for everyone. It's not, it can be a trigger in and of itself. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours is a delicate complex moment where we kind of kind of come at it a little differently than your, you know, like what you might hear it pop psychology will meditation relaxation. What's wrong with it. It's good for well. Just hold on a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you find yourself starting to drop below that comfort level it's
Bethany Shadid: It's very scary to me. And a lot of the Trump memories I have
Bethany Shadid: Are not of what like the physical act of what he was doing me a lot of it was waking up in in places I didn't
Bethany Shadid: Work that
Bethany Shadid: Feeling of waking
Gwenevere Abriel: Up.
Bethany Shadid: And being very unsettled.
Bethany Shadid: Um, that's very interesting to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you haven't given me those stories because you set this in motion. That's not what you're here for we're addressing this sort of toxic family dynamic etc etc. But I want you to know I am happy to do that with you as much or as little as you want. Okay. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I'm I'm fair game for whatever, if this is going to help me. It's going to help you know and I mean I've done a lot of work, but I've never
Bethany Shadid: Like it's always there.
Bethany Shadid: And it's been a long time since I've done any work on that period. So
Bethany Shadid: It's fine with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just so I can check in. Did you do some of the EM Dr work during specifically. OK, so maybe that could be a way to look at this and say, well, this could be a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a precise intervention to experience a desensitization to that history and a reprocessing. So it's so that your relationship with that history so that you don't bump into what just happened and it wiped out.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a possibility. But I want to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: This has an intense oftentimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Impact, which means things that you had stored away, start coming in from the unconscious. They started intruding into dreams.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be sort of a more an amplification of how you're feeling for a while until the desensitization happens
Gwenevere Abriel: But I do em Dr do attachment focus. Cmdr. Which means that stuff of kind of weaving in the Holy Trinity is present. I don't just do desensitization. I just found the other way. A bit reckless I prefer to have the support their
Gwenevere Abriel: Inner weaving. I think it I've watched it just, it just looks kinder
Bethany Shadid: Well, I'll be honest with
Bethany Shadid: You whenever it comes up, it does stay around for a while. It's very linked to everything. I mean, we didn't even plan on going that route last week.
Bethany Shadid: It just came out of what we were doing. And here I am. So, and I, I've been told I have PTSD. I think it's more triggered when it's at the forefront of what's going on.
Bethany Shadid: I haven't had a lot of issues with it in in the past few years, but
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I'm totally open to working on this, it definitely still affects me and it affects me more now because
Bethany Shadid: In my recent history. My sister. You know as open up this you remembers. And now my family is not denying it anymore. So
Bethany Shadid: All the work that I didn't know it was prior to that, prior to having to accept that nobody, you know, might ever acknowledge what happened. So yeah, I think that ever since that happened it's thrown me a lot. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So the goal of it would be in its simplest fundamental elements is for you to have a different relationship with that part of you if that happened because if
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, when I say that it's right because it's all kind of happening here in the mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the brain and so that when
Gwenevere Abriel: Some trigger event comes up, it can feel like it happened in the past, and it's not relived that's kind of the goal of it.
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: That would be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it's a story, it's like you know how sometimes we'll do things where there's this sort of distance from it and we can say, yeah, that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm poor, poor girl right but this piece that I want to add to it today because we're not going to obviously have any time to get into the actual technique, but we'll schedule that I want to say again that if I haven't already said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This kid, he was like 13 or something money somewhere around like
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: He he touched the skin, but he didn't touch you. You reserved yourself inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're okay. And that's the part that that's when I say, what's that relationship. It's like really being able to sort of and I don't know what the story will be for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But finding a way to sort of say, this happened. This is how it's affected me. It's how I I do this with these kinds of people. Or I might miss a particular sign with someone else or minimize data or something. I'm doing in my own body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's kind of the destination is to sort of have this this almost distance from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like this happened. I can feel kind of for a moment, you know, the way we do we go out here. We have empathy. Oh, yeah. No way. No, I'm gonna stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: In my truth. Now I'm okay now I'm safe now. I'm okay now and and sort of have that distance from that that memory, but it happened, and it's it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not going to go anywhere. It's not like anybody can get in there and pull that piece out, but wouldn't it be cool when it comes up to not be in the degree of distress that it it can kind of bring you into that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Association. So now that you've heard another perspective on what you're labeling as a bad attribute of exhaustion. Can you see how you are designed to take care yourself you're designing your main that way.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, well, it would be nice. So I can talk about the abuse and that part of it is distanced
Bethany Shadid: Okay, but how it affected me mentally, emotionally, psychologically, when those things get pulled out right like
Bethany Shadid: You know, last week I made the connection of how that relates to this other thing that's when it all get real stirred up again and I i think that's, those are those triggering moments and
Bethany Shadid: The exhaustion like learning that piece as much as it's a blessing. It's kind of like
Bethany Shadid: Putting that understanding there.
Bethany Shadid: To prevent the shame in the
Bethany Shadid: You know negativity around those things having a different perspective would be really nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, and more than just perspective. I'm imagining. You want to feel meaning body and mind, whatever that that weird combination of how an emotion of sad, how that feels. I imagine you want to feel happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I imagine the goal, the destination is I want to be cool with my am yeah we. Okay. I want to be all right. When these pop up when I see. Oh, I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad to see because notice you were crying earlier. I'm happy to see my, my sister happy and you were crying that is happy. And what was coming out of your mouth and know if you remember, I interrupted you knows like yeah but but what what what
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad feeling. And that's the one that goes a name that you're not naming, that's the one that's the one that still holds you it's that familiar self sacrifice that it's about her her happiness. And what about you that one guessing maybe a piece of it.
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah, actually, the self sacrifice. I think where you said
Bethany Shadid: Look actually thinking about the things I do on a daily basis how I view my life.
Bethany Shadid: Kind of is like
Bethany Shadid: In sacrifice for
Bethany Shadid: How that affects so much
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, that's going to be the one you see how your eyes tell they you may say, all these lovely things, but you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you.
Bethany Shadid: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: What about you. What about you. What about you, and it is it's not to be expected for a little girl to know how to sit with the absolute confusion of two conflicting needs of self preservation
Gwenevere Abriel: And self sacrifice. I didn't expect little you to know how to do it. But now you can now we can sit with these together, we can do it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to come away with it on in it, it'll be yours forever and being able to sit with these and and still loving yourself and not feeling like this soul wrenching thing that happens. And that's the destination is just came up. Look at that. Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess it's happened. Look at that. It's happening again. Look at me. Look at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so we can see it just now with the intensity of the emotions came up as soon as that awareness of self sacrifice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, I think that might be a target for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, when we do some work.
I'm guessing.
Bethany Shadid: Because I see how tight it is to my overall well being.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your well being and look at
Bethany Shadid: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see it easily right with how you are at work with how you are with patients with how you are with family members, I will, I will just again.
Gwenevere Abriel: That right and you know who gets sacrificed is this this you again and again and again. And it's not working and I and it. It's a lovely one, sometimes
Bethany Shadid: Cool skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or out there and and you are deserving of just as much joy and happiness is your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enough because right you're so unique of a human creature know we all are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Earned special you have it, because you were born. You're deserving because you're human. And you're loved and lovable, the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Inverse of that is, there's nothing you did to not deserve it.
Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, these, these are, this is, this has been a sort of five, six year old solution right still with you, right, it's still operating so running the show in this woman's
Bethany Shadid: It really is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get we think
Bethany Shadid: I'm flexible whenever next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what we got here.
Bethany Shadid: I just can't do the Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Can it be 10am on May 12
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what we'll do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend some time if you could, I'm going to go run this group that starting now. It's a brand new group on Tuesdays.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of just turn towards that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That picture you drew
Gwenevere Abriel: With this new piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Bethany Shadid: Thank you.
Bethany Shadid: I'm excited to work on this. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You. I think getting this core issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really might do the trick. So
Bethany Shadid: Desperately is. So anyway, thank you. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: To you soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye bye.